README.md, before:

# Portfolio

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).
This Project is to create my own Portfolio website using **Next.js**

## Project Creation

First we need to have Node and Npm installed in our machine.

To create project...

```bash
npx create-next-app 'project-name'
```

## Getting Started

First, start the development server by running...

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.
You can modify the pages by editing files in `pages` directory.
You can also create or edit components in the `components` directory.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Follow this link [https://akashdoppalapudi.vercel.app](https://akashdoppalapudi.vercel.app) to checkout my deployment.

![Screenshot](/portfolio-website-screenshot.png?raw=true 'Screenshot')

Commit message:

Changed readme to include styling details and cloning details

README.md, after:

# Portfolio

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).
This Project is to create my own Portfolio website using **Next.js**

## Project Creation

First we need to have Node and Npm installed in our machine.

To create project...

```bash
npx create-next-app 'project-name'
```

## Getting Started

First, start the development server by running...

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.
You can modify the pages by editing files in `pages` directory.
You can also create or edit components in the `components` directory.

## Styling

I used [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) to style my website.

- [Documentation - Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) - learn about Tailwind CSS

## Cloning

If you Clone or Fork this repository install all the dependencies first by running the command

```bash
npm install
```

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Follow this link [https://akashdoppalapudi.vercel.app](https://akashdoppalapudi.vercel.app) to checkout my deployment.

![Screenshot](/portfolio-website-screenshot.png?raw=true 'Screenshot')
